hello me as a mediacenter with 20 years
old and do my voluntary
ecological year on the school farm
future fields in conthey munich
that means I'll get you all gentleman first
Toni feed and ask with the cows
To tell explains to the children before that
how it works what is important on what
We have to take care and if we have the cows with us
have noticed the machine we go to
win the situation selection sometimes
sometimes less
and then we notice the completely from
hand and can always try the
these taste
i have been doing youth work for a long time and
I also wanted it in my
do voluntary service and so on
agriculture was something for me
completely new where I have no
had a clue and there she just had
I do not know much new and
Offered sexy and then too
the Christian with on the farm
that 's really easy for me
only the right one was
It was important for me to go after that
my abi was really something else
I do not know right now on the
squat next bank and there one
bit on land acidify but
there really somehow as
make meaningful and me still
develop no new pages
So getting to know each other can be special
is actually the main thing the
children arrive as usual because
you never know what's coming and going
stole in the morning and think about what should be ours
be made and then come the
Children or six o'clock here that works
never or thinks very well there still can
so much more can be done by children
yes it is very nice all around it
this usually works pretty well
it then make the children it from the
day that is always one
surprise
the dafa closer to the first free
opening
but at the beginning what an incredibly exhausting
time consuming and I have a long time
used but now it has sometimes
that you are unbelievable about the
Children can be annoyed if it is not so
Do exactly what you want and then
at another time during the
week or when they leave again
then you notice everything thankfully
somehow that's what you do and
how much you invest in it and that
returns an incredible and that
So are the moving moments where we are
just like never
absolutely good at the fsj is that me
here so many people and children know
I learn so much too
Learning about education is also allowed a lot
discovered something new and that's just me
So I'm enjoying a lot of outdoors
very very close are the whole animal
offered the in the yard if again
new calf comes to the world or
new where finished and then there
can be and it always attracts
very very extraordinary moments and
For example, now I was at one
cap the butter because it is too
little bit but the calf is right
my name and i have now
so here on the buffet
not public